In 1.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of all movies released in 2008.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
In 2.sql, write a SQL query to determine the birth year of Emma Stone.
Your query should output a table with a single column and a single row (not counting the header) containing Emma Stone’s birth year.
You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Emma Stone.
In 3.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of all movies with a release date on or after 2018, in alphabetical order.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
Movies released in 2018 should be included, as should movies with release dates in the future.
In 4.sql, write a SQL query to determine the number of movies with an IMDb rating of 10.0.
Your query should output a table with a single column and a single row (not counting the header) containing the number of movies with a 10.0 rating.
In 5.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles and release years of all Harry Potter movies, in chronological order.
Your query should output a table with two columns, one for the title of each movie and one for the release year of each movie.
You may assume that the title of all Harry Potter movies will begin with the words “Harry Potter”, and that if a movie title begins with the words “Harry Potter”, it is a Harry Potter movie.
In 6.sql, write a SQL query to determine the average rating of all movies released in 2012.
Your query should output a table with a single column and a single row (not counting the header) containing the average rating.
In 7.sql, write a SQL query to list all movies released in 2010 and their ratings, in descending order by rating. For movies with the same rating, order them alphabetically by title.
Your query should output a table with two columns, one for the title of each movie and one for the rating of each movie.
Movies that do not have ratings should not be included in the result.
In 8.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in Toy Story.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
You may assume that there is only one movie in the database with the title Toy Story.
In 9.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in a movie released in 2004, ordered by birth year.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
People with the same birth year may be listed in any order.
No need to worry about people who have no birth year listed, so long as those who do have a birth year are listed in order.
If a person appeared in more than one movie in 2004, they should only appear in your results once.
In 10.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who have directed a movie that received a rating of at least 9.0.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
If a person directed more than one movie that received a rating of at least 9.0, they should only appear in your results once.
In 11.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of the five highest rated movies (in order) that Chadwick Boseman starred in, starting with the highest rated.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Chadwick Boseman.
In 12.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of all movies in which both Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence starred.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Bradley Cooper.
You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Jennifer Lawrence.
In 13.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in a movie in which Kevin Bacon also starred.
Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
There may be multiple people named Kevin Bacon in the database. Be sure to only select the Kevin Bacon born in 1958.
Kevin Bacon himself should not be included in the resulting list.

1. SELECT title FROM movies WHERE year = 2008;
2. SELECT birth FROM people WHERE name = 'Emma Stone';
3. SELECT title FROM movies WHERE year > 2017 ORDER BY title;
4. SELECT COUNT(*) FROM ratings WHERE rating = 10.0;
5. SELECT title, year FROM movies WHERE title LIKE 'Harry Potter%' ORDER BY year;
6. SELECT AVG(rating) FROM ratings JOIN movies ON movies.id = ratings.movie_id WHERE year = 2012;
7. SELECT title, rating FROM movies JOIN ratings ON ratings.movie_id = movies.id WHERE year = 2010 ORDER BY rating DESC, title ASC;
8. SELECT name FROM people WHERE id IN (SELECT person_id FROM stars WHERE movie_id = (SELECT id FROM movies WHERE title = 'Toy Story'));
9. SELECT name FROM people WHERE id IN (SELECT person_id FROM stars WHERE movie_id IN (SELECT id FROM movies WHERE year = 2004)) ORDER BY birth;
10. SELECT name from people JOIN directors ON directors.person_id = people.id JOIN movies ON movies.id = directors.movie_id JOIN ratings ON ratings.movie_id = movies.id WHERE rating > 8.9;
11. SELECT title FROM movies JOIN stars ON movies.id = stars.movie_id JOIN people ON people.id = stars.person_id JOIN ratings ON ratings.movie_id = stars.movie_id WHERE people.name = 'Chadwick Boseman' ORDER BY rating DESC LIMIT 5; 
12. SELECT title FROM movies JOIN stars ON movies.id = stars.movie_id JOIN people ON people.id = stars.person_id JOIN ratings ON ratings.movie_id = stars.movie_id WHERE (name = 'Jennifer Lawrence' OR name = 'Bradley Cooper') GROUP BY title HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT(name))= 2;
13. SELECT name FROM people WHERE id IN (SELECT person_id FROM stars WHERE movie_id IN (SELECT movie_id FROM stars WHERE person_id IN (SELECT id FROM people WHERE name = 'Kevin Bacon' AND birth = 1958))) AND name != 'Kevin Bacon';